Do you hear me?
This is what happens to you.
Even a pariah dares to fight with me
Don't be too happy
I tell you the truth
Master Huang and I are sworn brothers
If he knew about it today
All have to die
You are also delusional about having a relationship with Master Huang
I'll tell you what.
Even our Li family
It is also rare to see Mayor Huang
He is the mayor Xie Duhuang, and the crime is added to the class
Who is Mayor Huang?
How could he know us ordinary people
I think you were scared silly before you died
I have no reason to deceive you
If I die here today, stay with me
This is still in Wei Yansuo
Why didn't I see it?
Can you be Master Huang's brother?
Why should I kneel down and kowtow for you now?
Humph
That's pretty good.
If you kneel down and apologize to me now, I'll listen
I'll ask you for money later.
If you spare his mother, you will shine with some sunshine.
Master Huang, Wei Gaoquan can get to know you
You pariah except for stealing
It's a set of lies
All right.
Find out before clinging to the relationship in the next life
You're going to say you're the mayor's brother
I still believe a few points
You said you were Mayor Huang's brother
This is nonsense.
Is it nonsense?
Come on and you'll know.
You are scared
I'll kill you today.
I'd like to see how Ben is doing
What are you still doing?
Suffer death, hide away when you see this young master in your next life
Hahahahaha
Don't marry
Haha, the king has arrived